---
title: "Welcome to my blog"
date: 2023-02-28
defaults:
  # _posts
  - scope:
      path: ""
      type: posts
    values:
      layout: single
      author_profile: true
      read_time: true
      comments: true
      share: true
      related: true
---

Hello and welcome to my very first blog post! This platform is a space I've created to share my thoughts, insights, and findings as I explore the vast and intricate world of Quantum Machine Learning and Quantum Computing methodology for optimization problems. 
As a physicist with a passion for unraveling the mysteries of the quantum realm, I'm excited to document my journey, both for myself and for fellow enthusiasts who may find themselves lost amidst countless scribbled notebook pages like I once did.

The pages of my notebooks have seen me traverse through a range of topics, from the ethereal nature of quantum particles to harnessing their power to optimize complex problems. 
One of the captivating areas I've been diving into is Quantum Computing methodology for optimization. 
The allure of manipulating qubits and leveraging quantum gates to solve intricate optimization puzzles has been my driving force. 
But what's equally thrilling is the synergy between classical and quantum methodologies, leading to the emergence of powerful hybrid approaches.

In my daily work, I find myself weaving spells of code with the Python programming language. 
However, as the tides of technology shift, I've also taken on the exciting challenge of mastering Julia. 
This transition has brought with it new perspectives and horizons, enhancing my ability to tackle problems from different angles.

Recently, my journey has taken me into the realms of education and collaboration. 
My colleagues have entrusted me with the task of demystifying quantum physics and its practical applications. 
This endeavor isn't just about explaining complex theories; it's about guiding my peers on a journey to comprehend and utilize quantum concepts in solving tangible problems.

One such problem that has captured our attention is the graph optimization challenge. 
Specifically, we're delving into community detection and graph coloring, two interconnected problems that find applications in diverse domains. 
These problems aren't just about algorithms; they're about unlocking insights from intricate webs of data. 
Our exploration led us to the ABCDo.jl package, where we're experimenting with outlier detection in artificially generated graphs.

As I venture into this expansive quantum landscape, I can't help but marvel at the diverse spectrum of topics I'm engaging with.
From foundational quantum theories to the intricacies of hybrid methodologies, from code spells in Python to the enchantments of Julia, and from teaching quantum physics to unraveling graph optimization puzzles — every twist and turn brings a new facet to my journey.

This blog isn't just about sharing knowledge; it's about sparking conversations, igniting curiosity, and creating a community of learners and explorers. 
As I embark on this blogging adventure, I invite you to join me.
Together, let's navigate the quantum waves, decode complex problems, and uncover the mysteries of the universe, one qubit at a time.

Thank you for being a part of this journey. 
Stay tuned for more exciting explorations in the quantum realm!